[Autogenerated] databases are essential to every web application and
they're especially essential to pizza loving social networks.
We cover two different solutions in A W.
S with RDS and dynamo DB and configured and interacted with
them both in the web console and the SDK.
Let's recap everything we covered,
we started with an introduction to RDS and covered the key concepts and
factors to consider when choosing a database engine,
then we created a database instance and created a table for our pizzas.
Next we wrote all the code to connect to the database add to inquiry from it.
When we finish we moved on to dynamodb and the
fundamentals of throughput and keys.
I gave you my opinions on how to choose between dynamo dB and RDS.
Then we modified our toppings and users to store and
retrieve data from dynamodb tables.
In the next module we will look at how to automate many of the
deployment and configuration activities in AWS using elastic
beanstalk and CloudFormation elastic beanstalk deploys and scales
your web application automatically for you.
Basically all the work we did with load balancers and auto scaling
groups is taken care of by elastic beanstalk.
After doing all that work,
I know you'll appreciate what elastic beanstalk does for you,
confirmation allows you to create in provision resources in AWS using
configuration templates which are just basic JSON This enables you to
have reproducible infrastructure configurations that can be easily
shared and checked into source control.
As you can see we've still got a lot of fascinating stuff
to learn on our path to becoming a W.
S.
Developers. I look forward to seeing you in the next module.